Think she'll turn up?
I'm positive.
It's why we're here
in the first place.
Don't worry, I'm sure we'll
be able to find her.
That's right. No
matter what it takes.
Alright, guys.
It's show time.
Farewells and Encounters: The
Transitioning Stars of Destiny.
[chatting]
[cheering]
[louder cheering]
The Three Lights?
You don't know them?
Uh, should I?
They're a really popular
teen idol group.
Seiya's the one for me!
He has that dangerous
streak about him.
What?! I think he's kinda
childish.
That's what makes him cute.
Mm-hmm!
Well my favorite's
definitely Yaten.
It's that
mysterious beauty.
Yeah, you can never quite tell
what it is he's thinking about.
He's so dreamy,
don't ya think?
Mm-hmm.
You've gotta be kidding me...
Oh, come on girls...
You tell 'em, Ami!
You're forgetting about the
smart and handsome Taiki.
So mature
and sophisticated...
Yeah, I love
how he's so...
...calm and cool.
Mm-hmm.
Mm?!
Ami, are you
actually... a
secret fan?
I-I mean, I don't
know that much
about them...
Sure you don't...
What about you, Usagi?
Huh?
Who's your favorite?
Mamo...
Uhh...
[sighing]
Hey, what's the matter?
You seem.. down today.
Well... that's because...
Mamoru's leaving
to study abroad?!
Usagi, how come you never
mentioned this to me?
Yeah, apparently his
thesis got him into
a university in America.
That's fantastic!
[grunting]
If you're trying to make her
feel better, you are not
helping!
My bad!
Do you know how long?
I won't be back for
at least a year,
maybe longer.
You sure about this?
Of course. It's not
like it's another planet.
And you're not going away
forever, right?
Besides... regardless
of what happens, I'll
always love you.
So don't worry
about me, okay?
Usagi...
Are you really
okay with that?
Yeah, I am.
It's a wish come true
for Mamo. I have to send
him off with a smile.
Usagi...
Don't worry, I'll
be fine, really!
She's taking it
pretty hard,
isn't she?
Well, with everything
that's happened, I can't
blame her.
Yeah, you've got
a point there.
Chibi-Usa... What
am I gonna do?
Usagi? Are you there?
Huh?
Luna...
Don't be sad.
I can't help it.
Usagi...
This isn't how I pictured my
high school life to be.
First Chibi-Usa went
back to her
future, and now...
...Mamo's going away too.
I wish I could've told
him how I really felt...
... how badly I wanted
him to stay here with me.
Everyone knows I'm not that
strong a person.
Hey, listen... Do you
remember the day
we first met?
I remember thinking
you were such a crybaby
and a klutz.
But you know what?
You've changed
a lot since then.
You're stronger and
more mature than you
think you are.
Luna...
I know you'll do
the right thing.
Mm.
Passengers scheduled
to depart for New
York, please
proceed to your
designated gate. We
will be boarding shortly.
Guess it's time...
Mamo.
Usako...
I didn't think you'd
see me off because
of school--
I'll be waiting for you!
No matter how long it takes.
I might not be able
to keep in touch
as much at first,
you know. because of
all of my studies.
Don't worry about it.
I'll write you a
letter every day to
keep you company, okay?
Oh...
This is terrible.. I told
myself I was going to send
you off with a smile today.
Usako...
Oh!
Go ahead and open it.
Wait, is this...
for me?
Here...
[blushing]
I love you, Usako.
[laughing]
Thank you. It's
so beautiful.
[laughing]
I have to
head out now.
Mm.
[giggling]
[cheering]
What's that about?
Probably some celebrity.
Let's go.
Mm. [giggling]
Sorry, you have to give
us room, you're in our way!
I said move!
[gasping]
Have a safe trip, Mamo.
I can feel it... The
energy of stars that
shine for all eternity.
The Star Seeds!
[evil chuckling]
Now...go to that blue planet and
find me only the true Star Seeds
that reside there.
Find them all. Bring
each and every one of
them back to me,
so I may lay claim
to this entire galaxy!
Usako...
(curious commotion at the
strange approaching light)
Huh?
Another star's light
just went out.
Do you think it's them?
This is bad. We need
her now more than ever.
Come on, guys. Don't
lose hope. She might
be closer than we think.
Then we need to hurry!
You're right...
We don't have a whole lot of
time to spare.
So.. Mamoru gave
you a ring, huh?
Huh?
You're one lucky
girl, that's for sure.
Not only did he
get you that,
but he went and put
it on your left ring
finger.
Wait, does that mean
what I think it means?
Well, yeah it does.
Well. what are you saying?
I mean, what else
could it mean?
What's going on?
Oh, gimme a break!
Do you seriously not
know, Usagi?!
Just what kind of
a girl are you
anyway?!
I'm gonna say
"a really pretty one"!
[groaning]
Even Luna understands
and she's a cat!
I'm still a girl
too, ya know!
Just tell me already!
We're saying that ring
he gave you is actually-
Girls, you're not
gonna believe this!
Right now, they're
filming that show over
at that park nearby!
What? That show?!
Let's go!
What show?
[chatting]
Oh no! We got
here too late!
Why are there
so many people?
They're shooting
a drama with the
Three Lights!
You mean "The Z Files of Young
Holmes", right?
I can't believe it's
really filming here!
Uh, what is it?
It's one of the most watched
shows this season,
with a viewership
of more than 1
in 3!
Hmm...
[giggling] Not that
I know too much about it.
Really...
[film crew setting up]
Aw, this sucks.
I can't see.
[squealing]
What? What is it?!
That's Arisu Itsuki
over there!
Oh my gosh, I'm a
huge fan of hers!
Wow! She's cute!
She's got an
adorable face!
[squealing] It's Taiki
and Yaten!
[swooning]
It's really them!
Wow, they're hot!
Darn straight!
So dreamy...
[swooning and gasping]
We can't see a thing
behind all
these people!
[growling]
Girls, ' we're movin' in!
Got it!
Excuse me.
Coming through.
Pardon me.
S-Sorry!
Ouch! Watch the tail!
Hey girls, wait for me!
Wait!
Come on, don't leave me!
[chuckling]
Those celebrities must
have a lot of star power to
attract this many humans.
It feels like this
crowd is endless...
Yeah, talk about popular.
I wanted to see things
up close. [sighing]
This sucks. Huh?
Look at that. "Authorized
Personnel Only".
I wonder if that could
be the rest area
for the film crew.
[giggling]
If I just happened to
wander back there, maybe
I'd run into
someone famous. I'd be
the luckiest girl here!
Hey, don't you know
this is a restricted area?
I'm sorry! It was an
accident. Well, that's
not quite true, but
I was really hoping I
could meet Arisu
face to face!
I'm really sorry!
You're that girl
from before.
Huh?
Guess you don't remember.
So, uh.. you're saying
we've met somewhere?
[gasping] You don't
know who I am?
Mm-mm.
Oh...
Guess it just goes
to show that I'm not as
famous as I thought.
Wait, I got it!
That's a new
pickup line, right?
Well I'm sorry to break your
heart, mister, but I already
have a future husband.
[chuckling and grunting]
You really are weird.
Hey, that's not
very nice!
And didn't you just say
that area's for authorized
personnel only?!
I happen to be one of those
personnel. See ya later,
Bun-head!
[grunting] Now he's
gone too far!
The only person who's
allowed to call me Bun-head
is Mamo!
And cut!
We'll take a break here!
I'll be in the trailer!
I can't believe we
get to see this!
What are you doing, Usagi?
We'll get in trouble if
they catch us trespassing.
You listening to me?!
Where should we go?
You're not, are you?
Let's try over here.
Good grief...
[stretching] Just a
bit more to go!
What a lovely smile.
Who are you?
Your smile has a glow that
gives joy to everyone around
you. You really are a star.
Aw, thank you so much!
I'm here because there's
something special that
I want from you.
Sorry, I can't give out
autographs while I'm
working.
Oh no, it's not your autograph
that I'm after.. It's much more
valuable.. your Star Seed.
Chuu!
[gasping]
[screaming]
[giggling]
There's no need
to be afraid!
[panting]Who's that?
I'll be taking your
Star Seed! [grunting]
[yelping]
[screaming]
[gasping]
Hurry, Usagi!
Transform!
Mm!
Moon Eternal... Make Up!
Ahh, what a
pretty Star Seed!
Huh?
Aw, it faded
out already...
I didn't come all of this way
just to get my hands on such a
lame Star Seed like this.
Hold it right there!
Huh?
I don't know who you are, but
how dare you attack such a
beloved star like Arisu Itsuki!
I am the Pretty Guardian
who fights for love and
for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
So you're a Sailor
Guardian too,
are you?
[gasping]
Unfortunately with a face
like that, you'll never
become a true star like me.
Just who are
you anyway?
I am no other than
Sailor Iron Mouse!
Sailor...
She's a Guardian too?!
It's actually time for me to
clock out for today. You can
play with this Phage instead.
A Phage?
I'm Sailor Buri!
What happened?!
People whose Star Seeds lose
their light end up turning into
creatures known as Phages.
Well.. I'll leave
you two to it!
Buh-bye!
W-Wait!
Excuse me, miss...
Wanna sing a duet with me?
[cringing]
Let's knock 'em dead!
[grunting]
[screaming]
Why aren't you
fighting back?!
Because! She used to
be Arisu Itsuki!
I can't bring myself
to do anything that
might hurt her!
What do I do?
[snapping]
Huh?
Who's there?
Breaking through the
darkness of night...
Traveling unchained
across the
atmosphere...
The three sacred
shooting stars!
Who are you?!
Sailor Star Fighter!
Sailor Star Maker!
Sailor Star Healer!
We are the Sailor
Star Lights!
Stage on!
Even more Sailor Guardians?
(giggle) You guys
can sing the chorus!
Star Serious Laser!
[shrieking]
Arisu!
I'll put you out
of your misery
now...
Buri buri buri...
No, stop! I beg you,
don't kill Arisu!
It's too late.
Humans who have turned
into Phages cannot
be reverted back.
Yes... except by one
individual.. Now,
move aside!
No!
Move it!
I won't!
This light,
could it be...?
I won't let her die.
I'll save her, no
matter what!
Starlight Honeymoon
Therapy ...Kiss!
[screaming]
Beautiful!
[fainting]
[sighing]
Uh?
The Sailor Star Lights...
Who are they?
Who'd have thought
she had such power?
Things are getting
interesting.
Good job, everyone!
Let's break down the set!
Seeing them in
person was great!
All three of them
were so cool!
This day couldn't
have been better.
Huh?
Usagi?
So... the enemy was
a Sailor Guardian,
but so were the people
who saved us...
Usagi?
Mm?
Where've you been?
They're all wrapped up
with the filming.
Um... I was...
Did something happen?
Well, you see...
Yeah?!
Actually have no
idea what's going on...
[groaning]
Seriously, Usagi? What's
that supposed to mean?
Well, there was
that one thing,
and...
What thing?!
You know, that one thing!
Stop being so vague!
[squealing]
What's wrong, Minako?
Why did you yell like that?
Didn't you hear, Usagi? The
boys from "Three Lights" are
transferring to our school!
So what?
So what?! It'll be
so awesome to be the
girlfriend of a teen idol!
Aren't you getting a little
ahead of yourself?
Not at all!
Next time on Sailor Stars, "A
School Storm: The Transfer
Students Are Idols."
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.